Add optional cleanup step after failover to HA replica (#252)
github/docs: content/admin/enterprise-management/initiating-a-failover-to-your-replica-appliance.md

5. Update the DNS record to point to the IP address of the replica. Traffic is directed to the replica after the TTL period elapses. If you are using a load balancer, ensure it is configured to send traffic to the replica.
6. Notify users that they can resume normal operations.
7. If desired, set up replication from the new primary to existing appliances and the previous primary. For more information, see "[About high availability configuration](/enterprise/{{ currentVersion }}/admin/guides/installation/about-high-availability-configuration/#utilities-for-replication-management)."
8. Appliances you do not intend to setup replication to that were part of the high availability configuration prior the failover, need to be removed from the high availability configuration by UUID.
    - On the former appliances, get their UUID via `cat /data/user/common/uuid`.
      ```shell
      $ cat /data/user/common/uuid
      ```
    - On the new primary, remove the UUIDs using `ghe-repl-teardown`. Please replace *`UUID`* with a UUID you retrieved in the previous step.
      ```shell

>       $ ghe-repl-teardown -u <em>UUNID</em>

Reviewer: `s/UUNID/UUID/` small typo

Reviewer: Hmm not sure why this only just popped up in my notifications given it was merged a month ago. I'll open a new PR to fix the typo.

>     - On the new primary, remove the UUIDs via `ghe-repl-teardown`. Please replace `<uuid_here>` with a UUID you retrieved in the previous step.
>       ```shell
>       $ ghe-repl-teardown -u <uuid_here>
>       ```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for updating this topic 😄 

After looking at the [topic on staging](https://docs-252--mwiesen-failover-cle.herokuapp.com/en/enterprise-server@2.22/admin/enterprise-management/initiating-a-failover-to-your-replica-appliance), I can see that `<uuid_here>` is treated as an HTML tag and disappears.

I think we can use the form used in other Enterprise admin topics, like: [Creating the GitHub Enterprise Server virtual machine](https://docs-252--mwiesen-failover-cle.herokuapp.com/en/enterprise-server@2.22/admin/installation/installing-github-enterprise-server-on-azure#creating-the-github-enterprise-server-virtual-machine).

```suggestion
    - On the new primary, remove the UUIDs using `ghe-repl-teardown`. Please replace *`UUID`* with a UUID you retrieved in the previous step.
      ```shell
      $ ghe-repl-teardown -u <em>UUNID</em>
      ```
```
